class Death(Scene):

    quips = [
      "Your friend got arrested and the others are mad."
      "You are the worst navigator ever. Sad!"
      "Congratulations, you walking WorldStar highlight reel."
      "You deserve to be dabbed on."
      "Gain skill and git gud."
    ]

    def enter(self):
        print Death.quips[randint(0, len(self.quips)-1)]
        exit(1)

  ------------------

class CentralClub(Scene):

    def enter(self):
        print "As if this club full of walking memes"
        print "isn't enough, the birthday boy just got"
        print "lost and that would be fine IF YOU WERENT"
        print "in FREAKING SOUTH BEACH YOU DUMB TOURIST."
        print "Now that you have vented enough, it is now"
        print "time for you to get your friend back to the"
        print "hotel."
        print "\n"
        print "You're trying to remap the possible areas that your"
        print "ridiculous friend may be at. Knowing how hungry he"
        print "gets, and knowing that he would gamble on snail races,"
        print "he is most likely at Miami Subs, betting on the fights"
        print "outside while eating."
        print "But since he leaves a wave of destruction in every place that"
        print "he goes, you need to check all of the clubs to be sure that he"
        print "didn't cause too much damage or sleep with a diplomat's wife"
        print "again, which is a story for another time, but not now."
        print "Now where could Captain Wingus be?????"
        print "Before you can even go look, some bad duudes want to fight you."
        print "This is most likely because earlier in the night, your friend"
        print "drank four shots of whiskey, bumped into the bouncer, called him"
        print "a pleb, and B----ta B--bed the man through a glass table. Yeah,"
        print "you're about to catch hands."


        action = raw_input("> ")


        if action == "punch!":
            print "This bad dude comes at you with an empty vodka bottle, and you"
            print "try to punch him in the nose. He is unmoved."
            print "You try to do a standing armbar. He is unmoved."
            print "He gets annoyed, puts the bottle down, and throws you from the balcony"
            print "floor to the first floor. Looking down on you, he shakes his head and walks off."
            return 'death'


      elif action == "dodge!":
            print "With your years of parry training from 3rd Strike, you bob, weave, and dodge like"
            print "a certain British boxer who has a love for horticulture.  The bottle misses and hits"
            print "Pitbull's bodyguard, because why not. Why not defy conventional logic and have this?"
            print "Anyways, apparently he doesn't take kindly to being hit by anything.  This dude looks"
            print "like he wrestles tanks and slapboxes bears.  Anyways, he picks up both of you"
            print "with one hand each, walks you outside, and throws you into a parked car, which happens"
            print "to belong to a mobster who looks like Zangief.  Suffice to say, they riverdance on both of you, hit the dab, and"
            print "walk back into the club."
            return 'death'

      elif action == "reasoning"
            print "You tell the menacing man that your friend went through a very bad breakup and he's"
            print "not dealing with this as well as you would think.  He compartmentalizes his behavior"
            print "and never truly confronts it.  He doesn't see wrong or right in this situation, but he"
            print "sees nothing but pain.  Moved by your description, he nods in understanding and lets you go."
            return 'MiamiSubs'

      else:
            print "bruh"
            return 'CentralClub'


-------------------------

class MiamiSubs(Scene):
    def enter(self):
        print "You have just "
